# Go API client for strimziadminclient

An API to provide REST endpoints for query Kafka for admin operations

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./strimziadminclient"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.openshift.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultApi* | [**CreateTopic**](docs/DefaultApi.md#createtopic) | **Post** /topics | Creates a new topic
*DefaultApi* | [**DeleteConsumerGroupById**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deleteconsumergroupbyid) | **Delete** /consumer-groups/{consumerGroupId} | Delete a consumer group.
*DefaultApi* | [**DeleteTopic**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deletetopic) | **Delete** /topics/{topicName} | Deletes a  topic
*DefaultApi* | [**GetConsumerGroupById**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getconsumergroupbyid) | **Get** /consumer-groups/{consumerGroupId} | Get a single consumer group by its unique ID.
*DefaultApi* | [**GetConsumerGroupList**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getconsumergrouplist) | **Get** /consumer-groups | List of consumer groups in the Kafka instance.
*DefaultApi* | [**GetTopic**](docs/DefaultApi.md#gettopic) | **Get** /topics/{topicName} | Retrieves the topic with the specified name.
*DefaultApi* | [**GetTopicsList**](docs/DefaultApi.md#gettopicslist) | **Get** /topics | List of topics
*DefaultApi* | [**Metrics**](docs/DefaultApi.md#metrics) | **Get** /metrics | Admin server metrics
*DefaultApi* | [**OpenApi**](docs/DefaultApi.md#openapi) | **Get** /api | 
*DefaultApi* | [**UpdateTopic**](docs/DefaultApi.md#updatetopic) | **Patch** /topics/{topicName} | Updates the topic with the specified name.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ConfigEntry](docs/ConfigEntry.md)
 - [Consumer](docs/Consumer.md)
 - [ConsumerGroup](docs/ConsumerGroup.md)
 - [ConsumerGroupList](docs/ConsumerGroupList.md)
 - [NewTopicInput](docs/NewTopicInput.md)
 - [Partition](docs/Partition.md)
 - [Topic](docs/Topic.md)
 - [TopicSettings](docs/TopicSettings.md)
 - [TopicsList](docs/TopicsList.md)
 - [UpdateTopicInput](docs/UpdateTopicInput.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



