# Go API client for kasclient

Main entry point for the system, responsible for all sorts of management operations for the whole service of managed service registry.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./kasclient"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.openshift.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AdminApi* | [**GetTask**](docs/AdminApi.md#gettask) | **Get** /api/v1/admin/tasks/{taskId} | Get a specific task executed on the server.
*AdminApi* | [**GetTasks**](docs/AdminApi.md#gettasks) | **Get** /api/v1/admin/tasks | Get the list of all tasks executed on the server.
*InfoApi* | [**GetSchema**](docs/InfoApi.md#getschema) | **Get** /api/v1 | Get the OpenAPI schema for version 1 of this REST API.
*RegistriesApi* | [**CreateRegistry**](docs/RegistriesApi.md#createregistry) | **Post** /api/v1/registries | Create a Registry.
*RegistriesApi* | [**DeleteRegistry**](docs/RegistriesApi.md#deleteregistry) | **Delete** /api/v1/registries/{registryId} | Delete a Registry
*RegistriesApi* | [**GetRegistries**](docs/RegistriesApi.md#getregistries) | **Get** /api/v1/registries | Get the list of all registries.
*RegistriesApi* | [**GetRegistry**](docs/RegistriesApi.md#getregistry) | **Get** /api/v1/registries/{registryId} | Get a Registry
*RegistryDeploymentsApi* | [**CreateRegistryDeployment**](docs/RegistryDeploymentsApi.md#createregistrydeployment) | **Post** /api/v1/registryDeployments | Create a registry deployment.
*RegistryDeploymentsApi* | [**DeleteRegistryDeployment**](docs/RegistryDeploymentsApi.md#deleteregistrydeployment) | **Delete** /api/v1/registryDeployments/{registryDeploymentId} | Delete a specific Registry Deployment.
*RegistryDeploymentsApi* | [**GetRegistryDeployment**](docs/RegistryDeploymentsApi.md#getregistrydeployment) | **Get** /api/v1/registryDeployments/{registryDeploymentId} | Get a specific registry deployment.
*RegistryDeploymentsApi* | [**GetRegistryDeployments**](docs/RegistryDeploymentsApi.md#getregistrydeployments) | **Get** /api/v1/registryDeployments | Get the list of all registry deployments.
*TasksApi* | [**GetTask**](docs/TasksApi.md#gettask) | **Get** /api/v1/admin/tasks/{taskId} | Get a specific task executed on the server.
*TasksApi* | [**GetTasks**](docs/TasksApi.md#gettasks) | **Get** /api/v1/admin/tasks | Get the list of all tasks executed on the server.


## Documentation For Models

 - [ErrorInfo1](docs/ErrorInfo1.md)
 - [Registry](docs/Registry.md)
 - [RegistryCreate](docs/RegistryCreate.md)
 - [RegistryDeployment](docs/RegistryDeployment.md)
 - [RegistryDeploymentCreate](docs/RegistryDeploymentCreate.md)
 - [RegistryDeploymentStatus](docs/RegistryDeploymentStatus.md)
 - [RegistryDeploymentStatusValue](docs/RegistryDeploymentStatusValue.md)
 - [RegistryStatus](docs/RegistryStatus.md)
 - [RegistryStatusValue](docs/RegistryStatusValue.md)
 - [Task](docs/Task.md)
 - [TaskSchedule](docs/TaskSchedule.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



