modules/ref-cli-service-registry-role.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-role_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry role

[role="_abstract"]
[alpha] Service Registry role management

[discrete]
== Synopsis


Service Registry role management
Set of commands that give users one of following permissions:

- READ_ONLY (read artifacts)
- DEVELOPER (write access to all resources)
- ADMIN (Export/Import artifacts, Manage Roles)

Roles can be applied to users and service accounts generated by the CLI (service account IDs).

These commands are only accessible to users with the organization admin role or owners of the Service Registry instance.

This command is available as part of the Development Preview release.


[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create or update user role
rhoas service-registry role add --role=ADMIN --username=joedough

## List user and service account roles
rhoas service-registry role list

## Revoke role for user
rhoas service-registry role revoke --username=janedough

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry.adoc#rhoas-service-registry[rhoas service-registry]	 - [alpha] Service Registry commands
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry_{context}[rhoas service-registry]	 - [alpha] Service Registry commands
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_add.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-add[rhoas service-registry role add]	 - [alpha] Add or update principal role
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-add_{context}[rhoas service-registry role add]	 - [alpha] Add or update principal role
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_list.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-list[rhoas service-registry role list]	 - [alpha] List roles
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-list_{context}[rhoas service-registry role list]	 - [alpha] List roles
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_revoke.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-revoke[rhoas service-registry role revoke]	 - [alpha] Revoke role for principal
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-revoke_{context}[rhoas service-registry role revoke]	 - [alpha] Revoke role for principal
endif::[]

Commit message:

Deploying to modular-docs from @ redhat-developer/app-services-cli@ab429ec78a9f13f8b906b52d15d6d8b312a1d26e 🚀

modules/ref-cli-service-registry-role.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-role_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry role

[role="_abstract"]
[alpha] Service Registry role management

[discrete]
== Synopsis


Service Registry role management
Set of commands that give users one of following permissions:

- READ_ONLY (read artifacts)
- DEVELOPER (write access to all resources)
- ADMIN (Export/Import artifacts, Manage Roles)

Roles can be applied to users (e.g martin_redhat) and Service Account Client IDs (e.g srvc-acct-03ddedba-5b49-4aa0-9b68-02e8b8c31add).
These commands are only accessible to users with the organization admin role or owners of the Service Registry instance.

This command is available as part of the Development Preview release.


[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create or update user role
rhoas service-registry role add --role=ADMIN --username=joedough

## List user and service account roles
rhoas service-registry role list

## Revoke role for user
rhoas service-registry role revoke --username=janedough

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry.adoc#rhoas-service-registry[rhoas service-registry]	 - [alpha] Service Registry commands
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry_{context}[rhoas service-registry]	 - [alpha] Service Registry commands
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_add.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-add[rhoas service-registry role add]	 - [alpha] Add or update principal role
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-add_{context}[rhoas service-registry role add]	 - [alpha] Add or update principal role
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_list.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-list[rhoas service-registry role list]	 - [alpha] List roles
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-list_{context}[rhoas service-registry role list]	 - [alpha] List roles
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_role_revoke.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-role-revoke[rhoas service-registry role revoke]	 - [alpha] Revoke role for principal
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-role-revoke_{context}[rhoas service-registry role revoke]	 - [alpha] Revoke role for principal
endif::[]
