modules/ref-cli-kafka-acl-create.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-create_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl create

[role="_abstract"]
Create a Kafka ACL

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create a Kafka ACL from the options provided

....
rhoas kafka acl create [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# create an ACL for user "joe_bloggs" on all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --topic "*" --user joe_bloggs

# create an ACL for a service account
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --topic "rhoas" --prefix --service-account "srvc-acct-11924479-43fe-42b4-9676-cf0c9aca81"

# create an ACL for all users for the consumer group resource
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --group "group-1" --all-accounts

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--all-accounts`::                Set the ACL principal to match all principals (users and service accounts)
      `--cluster`::                     Set the resource type to cluster
      `--group` _string_::              Set the consumer group resource. When the --prefix option is also passed, this is used as the consumer group prefix
      `--instance-id` _string_::        Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set
      `--operation` _string_::          Set the ACL operation. Choose from: "all", "alter", "alter-configs", "create", "delete", "describe", "describe-configs", "read", "write"
      `--permission` _string_::         Set the ACL permission. Choose from: "allow", "deny"
      `--prefix`::                      Determine if the resource should be exact match or prefix
      `--service-account` _string_::    Service account client ID used as principal for this operation
      `--topic` _string_::              Set the topic resource. When the --prefix option is also passed, this is used as the topic prefix
      `--transactional-id` _string_::   Set the transactional ID resource
      `--user` _string_::               User ID to be used as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                       Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]

Commit message:

Deploying to modular-docs from @ redhat-developer/app-services-cli@76942aca691d4d4aa3e324f54c00c2e09c81a130 🚀

modules/ref-cli-kafka-acl-create.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-create_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl create

[role="_abstract"]
Create a Kafka ACL

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create Kafka Access Control List (ACL) rules. A Kafka ACL defines how other user accounts and service accounts can interact with a Kafka instance and its resources.

....
rhoas kafka acl create [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# Create an ACL for user "dev_user" on all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --topic "*" --user dev_user

# Create an ACL for a service account
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --topic "rhoas" --prefix --service-account "srvc-acct-11924479-43fe-42b4-9676-cf0c9aca81"

# Create an ACL for all users for the consumer group resource
$ rhoas kafka acl create --operation all --permission allow --group "group-1" --all-accounts

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--all-accounts`::                Set the ACL principal to match all principals (users and service accounts)
      `--cluster`::                     Set the resource type to cluster
      `--group` _string_::              Set the consumer group resource. When the --prefix option is also passed, this is used as the consumer group prefix
      `--instance-id` _string_::        Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set
      `--operation` _string_::          Set the ACL operation. Choose from: "all", "alter", "alter-configs", "create", "delete", "describe", "describe-configs", "read", "write"
      `--permission` _string_::         Set the ACL permission. Choose from: "allow", "deny"
      `--prefix`::                      Determine if the resource should be exact match or prefix
      `--service-account` _string_::    Service account client ID used as principal for this operation
      `--topic` _string_::              Set the topic resource. When the --prefix option is also passed, this is used as the topic prefix
      `--transactional-id` _string_::   Set the transactional ID resource
      `--user` _string_::               User ID to be used as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                       Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]
