modules/ref-cli-cluster.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-cluster_{context}']
= rhoas cluster

[role="_abstract"]
View and perform operations on your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# check status of the connection to your cluster
$ rhoas cluster status 

# connect with cluster without including currently selected services
$ rhoas cluster connect --ignore-context

# connect with cluster using specified token
$ rhoas cluster connect --token=value

# connect with cluster and save script to create service binding
$ rhoas cluster connect --yes > create_service_binding.sh

# connect managed service with your application
$ rhoas cluster bind 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas.adoc#rhoas[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas_{context}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_bind.adoc#rhoas-cluster-bind[rhoas cluster bind]	 - Connect your RHOAS services to Kubernetes or OpenShift applications
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-bind_{context}[rhoas cluster bind]	 - Connect your RHOAS services to Kubernetes or OpenShift applications
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_connect.adoc#rhoas-cluster-connect[rhoas cluster connect]	 - Connect your services to Kubernetes or OpenShift
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-connect_{context}[rhoas cluster connect]	 - Connect your services to Kubernetes or OpenShift
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_status.adoc#rhoas-cluster-status[rhoas cluster status]	 - View status of the current Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-status_{context}[rhoas cluster status]	 - View status of the current Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
endif::[]

Commit message:

Deploying to modular-docs from @ redhat-developer/app-services-cli@da362bdf72861ef9ded7e48629a49ce9bdabb680 🚀

modules/ref-cli-cluster.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-cluster_{context}']
= rhoas cluster

[role="_abstract"]
View and perform operations on your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Use these commands to connect and bind your services to Kubernetes or OpenShift applications. You can also check if the Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster has the required Operators to perform this operation.

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# check status of the connection to your cluster
$ rhoas cluster status 

# connect with cluster without including currently selected services
$ rhoas cluster connect --ignore-context

# connect with cluster using specified token
$ rhoas cluster connect --token=value

# connect with cluster and save script to create service binding
$ rhoas cluster connect --yes > create_service_binding.sh

# connect managed service with your application
$ rhoas cluster bind 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas.adoc#rhoas[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas_{context}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_bind.adoc#rhoas-cluster-bind[rhoas cluster bind]	 - Connect your RHOAS services to Kubernetes or OpenShift applications
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-bind_{context}[rhoas cluster bind]	 - Connect your RHOAS services to Kubernetes or OpenShift applications
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_connect.adoc#rhoas-cluster-connect[rhoas cluster connect]	 - Connect your services to Kubernetes or OpenShift
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-connect_{context}[rhoas cluster connect]	 - Connect your services to Kubernetes or OpenShift
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_cluster_status.adoc#rhoas-cluster-status[rhoas cluster status]	 - View status of the current Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-cluster-status_{context}[rhoas cluster status]	 - View status of the current Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
endif::[]
