docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-topic_{context}']
= rhoas kafka topic

[role="_abstract"]
Create, describe, update, list and delete topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create, describe, update, list and delete topics for the current Kafka instance.

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create a topic
rhoas kafka topic create mytopic

## List all topics
rhoas kafka topic list 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_create.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-create[rhoas kafka topic create]	 - Create a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-create_{context}[rhoas kafka topic create]	 - Create a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_delete.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-delete[rhoas kafka topic delete]	 - Delete a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-delete_{context}[rhoas kafka topic delete]	 - Delete a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_describe.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-describe[rhoas kafka topic describe]	 - Describe a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-describe_{context}[rhoas kafka topic describe]	 - Describe a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_list.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-list[rhoas kafka topic list]	 - List all topics
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-list_{context}[rhoas kafka topic list]	 - List all topics
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_update.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-update[rhoas kafka topic update]	 - Update a Kafka topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-update_{context}[rhoas kafka topic update]	 - Update a Kafka topic
endif::[]

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to clarify instance and management commands (#925)
Co-authored-by: Ben Hardesty <bhardest@redhat.com>

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-topic_{context}']
= rhoas kafka topic

[role="_abstract"]
Create, describe, update, list and delete topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create, describe, update, list and delete topics for the current Kafka instance.

Commands are executed on the currently selected Kafka instance that can be overridden by --instance-id flag.


[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create a topic
rhoas kafka topic create mytopic

## List all topics
rhoas kafka topic list 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_create.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-create[rhoas kafka topic create]	 - Create a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-create_{context}[rhoas kafka topic create]	 - Create a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_delete.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-delete[rhoas kafka topic delete]	 - Delete a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-delete_{context}[rhoas kafka topic delete]	 - Delete a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_describe.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-describe[rhoas kafka topic describe]	 - Describe a topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-describe_{context}[rhoas kafka topic describe]	 - Describe a topic
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_list.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-list[rhoas kafka topic list]	 - List all topics
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-list_{context}[rhoas kafka topic list]	 - List all topics
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic_update.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic-update[rhoas kafka topic update]	 - Update a Kafka topic
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic-update_{context}[rhoas kafka topic update]	 - Update a Kafka topic
endif::[]
