docs/commands/rhoas_dedicated_register-cluster.md, before:

## rhoas dedicated register-cluster

Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka

### Synopsis

You can use your own OpenShift cluster to provision your kafkas which will be managed by Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka.
This command will register your cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka.


```
rhoas dedicated register-cluster [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka by selecting from a list of available clusters.
rhoas cluster register-cluster

# Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka by specifying the cluster ID.
rhoas cluster register-cluster --cluster-id 1234-5678-90ab-cdef

```

### Options

```
      --cluster-id string   The ID of the OpenShift cluster to register:
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas dedicated](rhoas_dedicated.md)	 - shortDescription

Commit message:

Add cluster id to create kafka (#1804)
* feat: addition of descriptions and examples to dedicated

* feat: Allows the CLI to install stage env addons when terraforming customer-cloud dataplane clusters

* refactor: the default api url is now set when creating a connection instead of in the registercluster cmd file

* refactor: update some func and var names

* refactor: add cluster-id flag to create kafka cmd to allow kafka creation on CC cluster

* refactor: doc and small refactor

docs/commands/rhoas_dedicated_register-cluster.md, after:

## rhoas dedicated register-cluster

Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat OpenShift Streams for Apache Kafka

### Synopsis

You can use your own OpenShift cluster to provision your kafkas which will be managed by Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka.
This command will register your cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka.


```
rhoas dedicated register-cluster [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka by selecting from a list of available clusters.
rhoas cluster register-cluster

# Register an OpenShift cluster with Red Hat Streams for Apache Kafka by specifying the cluster ID.
rhoas cluster register-cluster --cluster-id 1234-5678-90ab-cdef

```

### Options

```
      --access-token string           The access token to use to authenticate with the OpenShift Cluster Management API.
      --cluster-id string             The ID of the OpenShift cluster to register:
      --cluster-mgmt-api-url string   The API URL of the OpenShift Cluster Management API.
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas dedicated](rhoas_dedicated.md)	 - Manage your OpenShift clusters which host your kafkas.
