docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_create.adoc, before:

== rhoas kafka topic create

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Create a topic

=== Synopsis

Create a topic in the current Apache Kafka instance.

This command lets you create a topic, set a desired number of 
partitions, replicas and retention period or else use the default values.


....
rhoas kafka topic create [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# create a topic
$ rhoas kafka topic create topic-1

....

=== Options

....
  -o, --output string      Format in which to display the Kafka topic. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --partitions int32   The number of partitions in the topic (default 1)
      --retention-ms int   The period of time in milliseconds the broker will retain a partition log before deleting it (default 604800000)
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka_topic{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics

Commit message:

feat(topic): add retention size flag for topic create (#563)

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_create.adoc, after:

== rhoas kafka topic create

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Create a topic

=== Synopsis

Create a topic in the current Apache Kafka instance.

This command lets you create a topic, set a desired number of 
partitions, replicas and retention period or else use the default values.


....
rhoas kafka topic create [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# create a topic
$ rhoas kafka topic create topic-1

....

=== Options

....
  -o, --output string         Format in which to display the Kafka topic. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --partitions int32      The number of partitions in the topic (default 1)
      --retention-bytes int   The maximum total size of a partition log segments before old log segments are deleted to free up space (default -1)
      --retention-ms int      The period of time in milliseconds the broker will retain a partition log before deleting it (default 604800000)
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka_topic{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
