docs/commands/rhoas.adoc, before:

= rhoas

[role="_abstract"]
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

RHOAS CLI

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Manage your application services directly from the command line.

....
rhoas <command> <subcommand> [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# authenticate securely through your web browser
$ rhoas login

# create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create my-kafka-cluster

# create a service account and save credentials to a JSON file
$ rhoas service-account create -o json

# connect your Kubernetes/OpenShift cluster to a service
$ rhoas cluster connect

....

[discrete]
== Options

  -d, --debug::               Enable debug mode
      --devpreview:: string   Enable commands that are available under early developer preview. Use --devpreview=yes
  -h, --help::                Show help for a command

[discrete]
== See also

* link:rhoas_cluster{relfilesuffix}[rhoas cluster]	 - View and perform operations on your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
* link:rhoas_completion{relfilesuffix}[rhoas completion]	 - Outputs command completion for the given shell (bash, zsh, or fish)
* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances
* link:rhoas_login{relfilesuffix}[rhoas login]	 - Log in to RHOAS
* link:rhoas_logout{relfilesuffix}[rhoas logout]	 - Log out from RHOAS
* link:rhoas_service-account{relfilesuffix}[rhoas service-account]	 - Create, list, describe, delete and update service accounts
* link:rhoas_status{relfilesuffix}[rhoas status]	 - View the status of all currently used services
* link:rhoas_whoami{relfilesuffix}[rhoas whoami]	 - Print current username

Commit message:

docs: update and generate documentation for config command

docs/commands/rhoas.adoc, after:

= rhoas

[role="_abstract"]
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

RHOAS CLI

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Manage your application services directly from the command line.

<<<<<<< HEAD
....
rhoas <command> <subcommand> [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples
=======
=== Examples
>>>>>>> 05c29d3... docs: update and generate documentation for config command

....
# authenticate securely through your web browser
$ rhoas login

# create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create my-kafka-cluster

# create a service account and save credentials to a JSON file
$ rhoas service-account create -o json

# connect your Kubernetes/OpenShift cluster to a service
$ rhoas cluster connect

....

[discrete]
== Options

<<<<<<< HEAD
  -d, --debug::               Enable debug mode
      --devpreview:: string   Enable commands that are available under early developer preview. Use --devpreview=yes
  -h, --help::                Show help for a command
=======
....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....
>>>>>>> 05c29d3... docs: update and generate documentation for config command

[discrete]
== See also

* link:rhoas_cluster{relfilesuffix}[rhoas cluster]	 - View and perform operations on your Kubernetes or OpenShift cluster
* link:rhoas_completion{relfilesuffix}[rhoas completion]	 - Outputs command completion for the given shell (bash, zsh, or fish)
* link:rhoas_config{relfilesuffix}[rhoas config]	 - Change specific configuration for the options
* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances
* link:rhoas_login{relfilesuffix}[rhoas login]	 - Log in to RHOAS
* link:rhoas_logout{relfilesuffix}[rhoas logout]	 - Log out from RHOAS
* link:rhoas_service-account{relfilesuffix}[rhoas service-account]	 - Create, list, describe, delete and update service accounts
* link:rhoas_service-registry{relfilesuffix}[rhoas service-registry]	 - [Preview] Service Registry commands
* link:rhoas_status{relfilesuffix}[rhoas status]	 - View the status of all currently used services
* link:rhoas_whoami{relfilesuffix}[rhoas whoami]	 - Print current username
