docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_update.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-update_{context}']
= rhoas kafka update

[role="_abstract"]
Update configuration details of a Kafka instance.

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Update certain configuration details of a Kafka instance.

Currently it is possible to update the "owner" field. The new owner 
will be authorized to manage this instance.


....
rhoas kafka update [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# update the Kafka instance owner
$ rhoas kafka update --name=my-kafka --owner=other-user

# update the owner of the current Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka update --owner=other-user

# update the current Kafka instance in interactive mode
$ rhoas kafka update

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--id` _string_::      Unique ID of the Kafka instance you want to update
      `--name` _string_::    Name of the Kafka instance you want to update
      `--owner` _string_::   ID of the user you want to set as the owner of this Kafka instance
  `-y`, `--yes`::            Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]

Commit message:

feat(kafka update): add enable reauth flag

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_update.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-update_{context}']
= rhoas kafka update

[role="_abstract"]
Update configuration details of a Kafka instance.

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Update certain configuration details of a Kafka instance.

Currently it is possible to update the "owner" field. The new owner 
will be authorized to manage this instance.


....
rhoas kafka update [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# update the Kafka instance owner
$ rhoas kafka update --name=my-kafka --owner=other-user

# update the owner of the current Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka update --owner=other-user

# update the current Kafka instance in interactive mode
$ rhoas kafka update

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--enable-reauth` _string_::   Enable connection reauthentication for the Kafka instance
      `--id` _string_::              Unique ID of the Kafka instance you want to update
      `--name` _string_::            Name of the Kafka instance you want to update
      `--owner` _string_::           ID of the user you want to set as the owner of this Kafka instance
  `-y`, `--yes`::                    Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
