docs/commands/rhoas_service-registry_artifact_list.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-artifact-list_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry artifact list

[role="_abstract"]
List artifacts

[discrete]
== Synopsis

List all artifacts for the group by specified output format (by default, table)

....
rhoas service-registry artifact list [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## List all artifacts for the "default" artifact group
rhoas service-registry artifact list

## List all artifacts with "my-group" group
rhoas service-registry artifact list --group=my-group

## List all artifacts with limit and group
rhoas service-registry artifact list --page=2 --limit=10

....

[discrete]
== Options

  `-g`, `--group` _string_::       Artifact group (default "default")
      `--instance-id` _string_::   ID of the Service Registry instance to be used. By default, uses the currently selected instance
      `--limit` _int32_::          Page limit (default 100)
  `-o`, `--output` _string_::      Output format (json, yaml, yml)
      `--page` _int32_::           Page number (default 1)

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_artifact.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-artifact[rhoas service-registry artifact]	 - Manage Service Registry artifacts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-artifact_{context}[rhoas service-registry artifact]	 - Manage Service Registry artifacts
endif::[]

Commit message:

feat(artifact list): add flags to filter result

docs/commands/rhoas_service-registry_artifact_list.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-artifact-list_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry artifact list

[role="_abstract"]
List artifacts

[discrete]
== Synopsis

List all artifacts for the group by specified output format (by default, table)

....
rhoas service-registry artifact list [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## List all artifacts for the "default" artifact group
rhoas service-registry artifact list

## List all artifacts with "my-group" group
rhoas service-registry artifact list --group=my-group

## List all artifacts with limit and group
rhoas service-registry artifact list --page=2 --limit=10

## List all artifacts for the "default" artifact group with name containing "sample"
rhoas service-registry artifact list --name sample

## List all artifacts for the "default" artifact group having label "my-label"
rhoas service-registry artifact list --label "my-label"

## List all artifacts for the "default" artifact group with description containing "sample"
rhoas service-registry artifact list --description sample

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--description` _string_::       Text search to filter artifacts by description
  `-g`, `--group` _string_::           Artifact group (default "default")
      `--instance-id` _string_::       ID of the Service Registry instance to be used. By default, uses the currently selected instance
      `--labels` _stringArray_::       Text search to filter artifacts by labels
      `--limit` _int32_::              Page limit (default 100)
      `--name` _string_::              Text search to filter artifacts by topic name
  `-o`, `--output` _string_::          Output format (json, yaml, yml)
      `--page` _int32_::               Page number (default 1)
      `--properties` _stringArray_::   Text search to filter artifacts by properties (separate each name/value pair using a colon)

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry_artifact.adoc#rhoas-service-registry-artifact[rhoas service-registry artifact]	 - Manage Service Registry artifacts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry-artifact_{context}[rhoas service-registry artifact]	 - Manage Service Registry artifacts
endif::[]
