docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-permissions.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-permissions_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions

[role="_abstract"]
Add ACL rules to grant users access to produce/consume from topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

This command creates ACL rules that grant the specified user access to produce/consume from topics

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user user_name --topic "*" --group "*"

# Grant access to principal for producing messages to all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user user_name --topic "*"

# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from topics starting with "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc" --group my-group

# Grant access to principal for producing messages to topics starting with "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc"

# Grant access to all users for consuming messages from topic "my-topic"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user "*" --topic my-topic --group my-group

# Grant access to all users for producing messages to topic "my-topic"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user "*" --topic my-topic

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--consumer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to consume messages from topics
      `--group` _string_::             Consumer group ID to define ACL rules for
      `--group-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for groups to be selected
      `--producer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to produce messages to topics
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account ID to be used as principal
      `--topic` _string_::             Topic name to define ACL rules for
      `--topic-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for topics to be selected
      `--user` _string_::              Username to be used as principal

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]

Commit message:

docs: add examples for simultaneos produce, consume

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-permissions.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-permissions_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions

[role="_abstract"]
Add ACL rules to grant users access to produce/consume from topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

This command creates ACL rules that grant the specified user access to produce/consume from topics

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user user_name --topic "*" --group "*"

# Grant access to principal for producing messages to all topics
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user user_name --topic "*"

# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from topics starting with "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc" --group my-group

# Grant access to principal for producing messages to topics starting with "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc"

# Grant access to all users for consuming messages from topic "my-topic"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --consumer --user "*" --topic my-topic --group my-group

# Grant access to all users for producing messages to topic "my-topic"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --user "*" --topic my-topic

# Grant access to principal for produce and consume messages from all topics 
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-permissions --producer --consumer --user user_name --topic "*" --group "*"

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--consumer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to consume messages from topics
      `--group` _string_::             Consumer group ID to define ACL rules for
      `--group-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for groups to be selected
      `--producer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to produce messages to topics
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account ID to be used as principal
      `--topic` _string_::             Topic name to define ACL rules for
      `--topic-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for topics to be selected
      `--user` _string_::              Username to be used as principal

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
