docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_create.md, before:

## rhoas kafka create

Create a Kafka instance

### Synopsis

Create a Kafka instance on a particular cloud provider and region.

After creating the instance you can view it by running "rhoas kafka describe".


```
rhoas kafka create [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Start an interactive prompt to fill out the configuration values for the instance
$ rhoas kafka create

# Create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create --name my-kafka-instance

# Create a Kafka instance and output the result in YAML format
$ rhoas kafka create -o yaml

```

### Options

```
      --dry-run                         Validate all user provided arguments without creating the Kafka instance
      --marketplace string              Name of the marketplace where the instance is purchased on
      --marketplace-account-id string   Cloud Account ID for the marketplace
      --name string                     Unique name of the Kafka instance
  -o, --output string                   Specify the output format. Choose from: "json", "yaml", "yml"
      --provider string                 Cloud Provider ID
      --region string                   Cloud Provider Region ID
      --size string                     Size of the Kafka instance
      --use                             Set the new Kafka instance to the current instance (default true)
  -w, --wait                            Wait until the Kafka instance is created
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas kafka](rhoas_kafka.md)	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances

Commit message:

feat(kafka create): add billing model flag

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_create.md, after:

## rhoas kafka create

Create a Kafka instance

### Synopsis

Create a Kafka instance on a particular cloud provider and region.

After creating the instance you can view it by running "rhoas kafka describe".


```
rhoas kafka create [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Start an interactive prompt to fill out the configuration values for the instance
$ rhoas kafka create

# Create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create --name my-kafka-instance

# Create a Kafka instance and output the result in YAML format
$ rhoas kafka create -o yaml

```

### Options

```
      --billing-model string            Billing model to be used
      --dry-run                         Validate all user provided arguments without creating the Kafka instance
      --marketplace string              Name of the marketplace where the instance is purchased on
      --marketplace-account-id string   Cloud Account ID for the marketplace
      --name string                     Unique name of the Kafka instance
  -o, --output string                   Specify the output format. Choose from: "json", "yaml", "yml"
      --provider string                 Cloud Provider ID
      --region string                   Cloud Provider Region ID
      --size string                     Size of the Kafka instance
      --use                             Set the new Kafka instance to the current instance (default true)
  -w, --wait                            Wait until the Kafka instance is created
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas kafka](rhoas_kafka.md)	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
