docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_use.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-use_{context}']
= rhoas kafka use

[role="_abstract"]
Set the current Apache Kafka instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Select an Apache Kafka instance and set it as the current instance.

When you set the Kafka instance to be used, it is set as the current instance for all "rhoas kafka" commands.

When an ID is not specified in other Kafka commands, the current Kafka instance is used.


....
rhoas kafka use [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# set a kafka instance to be the current instance
$ rhoas kafka use --id=1iSY6RQ3JKI8Q0OTmjQFd3ocFRg,

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--id` _string_::   Unique ID of the Kafka instance you want to set as the current instance

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]

Commit message:

fix!: replace positional use with explicity --name flag (#952)

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_use.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-use_{context}']
= rhoas kafka use

[role="_abstract"]
Set the current Apache Kafka instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Select an Apache Kafka instance and set it as the current instance.
You can specify a Apache Kafka instance by --name or --id.

When you set the Kafka instance to be used, it is set as the current instance for all rhoas kafka topics and rhoas kafka consumer-group commands.



....
rhoas kafka use [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# set a kafka instance to be the current instance
$ rhoas kafka use --id=1iSY6RQ3JKI8Q0OTmjQFd3ocFRg,

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--id` _string_::     Unique ID of the Kafka instance you want to set as the current instance
      `--name` _string_::   Name of the Kafka instance you want to set as the current instance

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka.adoc#rhoas-kafka[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances
endif::[]
