docs/commands/rhoas_completion.adoc, before:

== rhoas completion

Generate completion script

=== Synopsis

To load completions:

Bash:

$ source <(rhoas completion bash)

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

Linux: $ rhoas completion bash > /etc/bash_completion.d/rhoas MacOS: $
rhoas completion bash > /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d/rhoas

Zsh:

== If shell completion is not already enabled in your environment you will need

== to enable it. You can execute the following once:

$ echo ``autoload -U compinit; compinit'' >> ~/.zshrc

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

$ rhoas completion zsh > "$\{fpath[1]}/_rhoas"

== You will need to start a new shell for this setup to take effect.

Fish:

$ rhoas completion fish | source

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

$ rhoas completion fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/rhoas.fish

....
rhoas completion [bash|zsh|fish|powershell]
....

=== Options

....
  -h, --help   help for completion
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas.adoc[rhoas] - rhoas cli

==== Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Dec-2020

Commit message:

feat(login): add ability to provide custom openid scope (#210)
* feat(login): add ability to provide custom openid scope

* docs: generate latest commands

docs/commands/rhoas_completion.adoc, after:

== rhoas completion

Generate completion script

=== Synopsis

To load completions:

Bash:

$ source <(rhoas completion bash)

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

Linux: $ rhoas completion bash > /etc/bash_completion.d/rhoas MacOS: $
rhoas completion bash > /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d/rhoas

Zsh:

== If shell completion is not already enabled in your environment you will need

== to enable it. You can execute the following once:

$ echo ``autoload -U compinit; compinit'' >> ~/.zshrc

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

$ rhoas completion zsh > "$\{fpath[1]}/_rhoas"

== You will need to start a new shell for this setup to take effect.

Fish:

$ rhoas completion fish | source

== To load completions for each session, execute once:

$ rhoas completion fish > ~/.config/fish/completions/rhoas.fish

....
rhoas completion [bash|zsh|fish|powershell]
....

=== Options

....
  -h, --help   help for completion
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas.adoc[rhoas] - rhoas cli

==== Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 8-Jan-2021
