docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-access.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-access_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-access

[role="_abstract"]
Add ACL rules to grant users access to produce/consume from topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

This command creates ACL rules that grant the specified user access to produce/consume from topics

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-access [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all

	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics in a specified instance
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all --instance-id c5hv7iru4an1g84pogp0

	# Grant access to principal for producing messages to all topics
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user user_name --topic all

	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from topics starting with "abc"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc" --group my-group

	# Grant access to principal for producing messages to topics starting with "abc"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc"

	# Grant access to all users for consuming messages from topic "my-topic"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user all --topic my-topic --group my-group

	# Grant access to all users for producing messages to topic "my-topic"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user all --topic my-topic

	# Grant access to principal for produce and consume messages from all topics 
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all
	
....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--consumer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to consume messages from topics
      `--group` _string_::             Consumer group ID to define ACL rules for
      `--group-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for groups to be selected
      `--instance-id` _string_::       Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set
      `--producer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to produce messages to topics
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account client ID to use as principal for this operation
      `--topic` _string_::             Topic name to define ACL rules for
      `--topic-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for topics to be selected
      `--user` _string_::              User ID to be use as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                      Skip confirmation dialog

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]

Commit message:

feat(kafka acl grant-access): add --all-accounts flag

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-access.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-access_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-access

[role="_abstract"]
Add ACL rules to grant users access to produce/consume from topics

[discrete]
== Synopsis

This command creates ACL rules that grant the specified user access to produce/consume from topics

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-access [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all

	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from all topics in a specified instance
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all --instance-id c5hv7iru4an1g84pogp0

	# Grant access to principal for producing messages to all topics
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user user_name --topic all

	# Grant access to principal for consuming messages from topics starting with "abc"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc" --group my-group

	# Grant access to principal for producing messages to topics starting with "abc"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user user_name --topic-prefix "abc"

	# Grant access to all users for consuming messages from topic "my-topic"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --consumer --user all --topic my-topic --group my-group

	# Grant access to all users for producing messages to topic "my-topic"
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --user all --topic my-topic

	# Grant access to principal for produce and consume messages from all topics 
	$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --consumer --user user_name --topic all --group all
	
....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--all-accounts`::               Set the ACL principal to match all accounts (wildcard). Cannot be used in conjunction with --service-account or --user
      `--consumer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to consume messages from topics
      `--group` _string_::             Consumer group ID to define ACL rules for
      `--group-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for groups to be selected
      `--instance-id` _string_::       Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set
      `--producer`::                   Add ACL rules that grant the specified principal access to produce messages to topics
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account client ID to use as principal for this operation
      `--topic` _string_::             Topic name to define ACL rules for
      `--topic-prefix` _string_::      Prefix name for topics to be selected
      `--user` _string_::              User ID to be use as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                      Skip confirmation dialog

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Kafka ACL management for users and service accounts
endif::[]
