docs/commands/rhoas_login.adoc, before:

== rhoas login

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Log in to RHOAS

=== Synopsis

Log in securely to RHOAS through a web browser.

This command opens your web browser, where you can enter your credentials.


....
rhoas login [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# securely log in to RHOAS by using a web browser
$ rhoas login

# print the authentication URL instead of automatically opening the browser
$ rhoas login --print-sso-url

....

=== Options

....
      --api-gateway string    URL of the API gateway. The value can be the URL or an alias. Valid aliases are: production|staging|integration|development. (default "https://api.stage.openshift.com")
      --auth-url string       The URL of the SSO Authentication server. (default "https://sso.redhat.com/auth/realms/redhat-external")
      --client-id string      OpenID client identifier (default "rhoas-cli-prod")
      --insecure              Enables insecure communication with the server. This disables verification of TLS certificates and host names.
      --mas-auth-url string   The URL of the MAS-SSO Authentication server. (default "https://keycloak-edge-redhat-rhoam-user-sso.apps.mas-sso-stage.1gzl.s1.devshift.org/auth/realms/mas-sso-staging")
      --print-sso-url         Prints the console login URL, which you can use to log in to RHOAS from a different web browser. This is useful if you need to log in with different credentials than the credentials you used in your default web browser.
      --scope stringArray     Override the default OpenID scope. To specify multiple scopes, use a separate --scope for each scope. (default [openid])
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas{relfilesuffix}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI

Commit message:

feat(login): add token-based login

docs/commands/rhoas_login.adoc, after:

== rhoas login

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Log in to RHOAS

=== Synopsis

Log in securely to RHOAS through a web browser.

This command opens your web browser, where you can enter your credentials.


....
rhoas login [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# securely log in to RHOAS by using a web browser
$ rhoas login

# print the authentication URL instead of automatically opening the browser
$ rhoas login --print-sso-url

....

=== Options

....
      --api-gateway string    URL of the API gateway. The value can be the URL or an alias. Valid aliases are: production|staging|integration|development. (default "https://api.stage.openshift.com")
      --auth-url string       The URL of the SSO Authentication server. (default "https://sso.redhat.com/auth/realms/redhat-external")
      --client-id string      OpenID client identifier (default "rhoas-cli-prod")
      --insecure              Enables insecure communication with the server. This disables verification of TLS certificates and host names.
      --mas-auth-url string   The URL of the MAS-SSO Authentication server. (default "https://keycloak-edge-redhat-rhoam-user-sso.apps.mas-sso-stage.1gzl.s1.devshift.org/auth/realms/mas-sso-staging")
      --print-sso-url         Prints the console login URL, which you can use to log in to RHOAS from a different web browser. This is useful if you need to log in with different credentials than the credentials you used in your default web browser.
      --scope stringArray     Override the default OpenID scope. To specify multiple scopes, use a separate --scope for each scope. (default [openid])
  -t, --token string          Allows you to log in using an offline token, which can be obtained at https://cloud.redhat.com/openshift/token.
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas{relfilesuffix}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
