docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-admin.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-admin_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-admin

[role="_abstract"]
Grant an account permissions to create and delete ACLs in the Kafka instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Grant administrative rights to a user that enable the user to create and delete Access Control Lists (ACLs) in a Kafka instance.

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-admin [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# Give admin rights to user "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --user abc

# Give admin rights to a service account
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --service-account srvc-acct-0837725a-4e69-44e1-af3b-29da30aa85ce

# Give admin rights to all accounts for a specific kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --all-accounts --instance-id c5hv7iru4an1g84pogp0

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--all-accounts`::               Set the ACL principal to match all principals (users and service accounts)
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account client ID used as principal for this operation
      `--user` _string_::              User ID to be used as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                      Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]

Commit message:

fix(acl grant-admin): add flag for instance id (#1363)

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_acl_grant-admin.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka-acl-grant-admin_{context}']
= rhoas kafka acl grant-admin

[role="_abstract"]
Grant an account permissions to create and delete ACLs in the Kafka instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Grant administrative rights to a user that enable the user to create and delete Access Control Lists (ACLs) in a Kafka instance.

....
rhoas kafka acl grant-admin [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
# Give admin rights to user "abc"
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --user abc

# Give admin rights to a service account
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --service-account srvc-acct-0837725a-4e69-44e1-af3b-29da30aa85ce

# Give admin rights to all accounts for a specific kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-admin --all-accounts --instance-id c5hv7iru4an1g84pogp0

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--all-accounts`::               Set the ACL principal to match all principals (users and service accounts)
      `--instance-id` _string_::       Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set
      `--service-account` _string_::   Service account client ID used as principal for this operation
      `--user` _string_::              User ID to be used as principal
  `-y`, `--yes`::                      Skip confirmation of this action 

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_acl.adoc#rhoas-kafka-acl[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-acl_{context}[rhoas kafka acl]	 - Manage Kafka ACLs for users and service accounts
endif::[]
