docs/commands/rhoas_service-registry_create.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-create_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry create

[role="_abstract"]
Create a Service Registry instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create a Service Registry instance to store and manage your schema and API artifacts. 


....
rhoas service-registry create [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create Service Registry instance
rhoas service-registry create --name myregistry

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--name` _string_::       Unique name of the Service Registry instance
  `-o`, `--output` _string_::   Format in which to display the Service Registry instance (choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml") (default "json")
      `--use`::                 Set the new Service Registry instance to the current instance (default true)

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry.adoc#rhoas-service-registry[rhoas service-registry]	 - Service Registry commands
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry_{context}[rhoas service-registry]	 - Service Registry commands
endif::[]

Commit message:

feat(service-registry): add description flag for create command

docs/commands/rhoas_service-registry_create.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-service-registry-create_{context}']
= rhoas service-registry create

[role="_abstract"]
Create a Service Registry instance

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Create a Service Registry instance to store and manage your schema and API artifacts. 


....
rhoas service-registry create [flags]
....

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create Service Registry instance
rhoas service-registry create --name myregistry

## Create Service Registry instance with description
rhoas service-registry create --name myregistry --description "description of instance"

....

[discrete]
== Options

      `--description` _string_::   User-provided description of the new Service Registry instance
      `--name` _string_::          Unique name of the Service Registry instance
  `-o`, `--output` _string_::      Format in which to display the Service Registry instance (choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml") (default "json")
      `--use`::                    Set the new Service Registry instance to the current instance (default true)

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_service-registry.adoc#rhoas-service-registry[rhoas service-registry]	 - Service Registry commands
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-service-registry_{context}[rhoas service-registry]	 - Service Registry commands
endif::[]
