docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_list.adoc, before:

== rhoas kafka list

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

List all Apache Kafka instances

=== Synopsis

List all Apache Kafka instances.

This command will provide a high level view of all Kafka instances.
The fields displayed are: ID, Name, Owner, Status, Cloud Provider, Region.
Use the describe command to view all fields for a specific instance.

The instances are displayed by default in a table, but can also be displayed as JSON or YAML.


....
rhoas kafka list [flags]
....

=== Options

....
      --limit int       The maximum number of Kafka instances to be returned (default 100)
  -o, --output string   Format in which to display the Kafka instances. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml"
      --page int        Display the Kafka instances from the specified page number.
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances

Commit message:

feat(kafka list): add search flag (#364)
Search flag has been added to kafka list to filter by text.

fixes #181

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_list.adoc, after:

== rhoas kafka list

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

List all Apache Kafka instances

=== Synopsis

List all Apache Kafka instances.

This command will provide a high level view of all Kafka instances.
The fields displayed are: ID, Name, Owner, Status, Cloud Provider, Region.
Use the describe command to view all fields for a specific instance.

The instances are displayed by default in a table, but can also be displayed as JSON or YAML.


....
rhoas kafka list [flags]
....

=== Options

....
      --limit int       The maximum number of Kafka instances to be returned (default 100)
  -o, --output string   Format in which to display the Kafka instances. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml"
      --page int        Display the Kafka instances from the specified page number.
      --search string   Text search to filter the Kafka instances by name, owner, cloud_provider, region and status
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances
