docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_consume.md, before:

## rhoas kafka topic consume

consume short

### Synopsis

consume long

```
rhoas kafka topic consume [flags]
```

### Examples

```
consume example
```

### Options

```
      --instance-id string   Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set 
      --limit int32          Max records to consume from topic (default 20)
      --name string          Topic name
      --offset int           Retrieve messages within an offset equal to or greater than this
  -o, --output string        Specify the output format. Choose from: "json", "yaml", "yml"
      --partition int32      The partition number used for consumer. Positive integer
      --timestamp string     Timestamp to start consuming from
      --wait                 Waiting for records to consume
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas kafka topic](rhoas_kafka_topic.md)	 - Create, describe, update, list, and delete topics

Commit message:

fix: validating flags given to consume

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_consume.md, after:

## rhoas kafka topic consume

Consume messages from a topic

### Synopsis

Consume messages from a given topic, by default all messages on the topic will be consumed and printed in the foramat chosen. You can add filters to these message like a starting offset or a time that the messages must of been produced by.

Adding the --wait flag will wait for messages to be produced starting from when the command was ran and will ignore any limit or offset given.


```
rhoas kafka topic consume [flags]
```

### Examples

```
# Consume from a topic
$ rhoas kafka topic consume --name=topic-1

# Consume from a topic and wait for messages produced since command was ran
$ rhoas kafka topic consume --name=topic-1 --wait

```

### Options

```
      --format string        Format of the messages printed as they are consumed (default "json")
      --from string          Only messages with a timestamp after this time will be consumed
      --instance-id string   Kafka instance ID. Uses the current instance if not set 
      --limit int32          Max records to consume from topic (default 20)
      --name string          Topic name
      --offset int           Retrieve messages within an offset equal to or greater than this
      --partition int32      The partition number used for consumer. Positive integer
      --wait                 Waiting for records to consume
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas kafka topic](rhoas_kafka_topic.md)	 - Create, describe, update, list, and delete topics
