docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_create.adoc, before:

== rhoas kafka create

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Create an Apache Kafka instance

=== Synopsis

Create an Apache Kafka instance on a particular cloud provider and region.

After creating the instance you can view it by running "rhoas kafka describe".


....
rhoas kafka create [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# start an interactive prompt to fill out the configuration values for the instance
$ rhoas kafka create

# create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create my-kafka-instance

# create a Kafka instance and output the result in YAML
$ rhoas kafka create -o yaml

....

=== Options

....
  -o, --output string     Format in which to display the Kafka instance. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --provider string   Cloud Provider ID
      --region string     Cloud Provider Region ID
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances

Commit message:

feat(kafka create): add --use flag to set current Kafka instance (#491)

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_create.adoc, after:

== rhoas kafka create

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Create an Apache Kafka instance

=== Synopsis

Create an Apache Kafka instance on a particular cloud provider and region.

After creating the instance you can view it by running "rhoas kafka describe".


....
rhoas kafka create [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# start an interactive prompt to fill out the configuration values for the instance
$ rhoas kafka create

# create a Kafka instance
$ rhoas kafka create my-kafka-instance

# create a Kafka instance and output the result in YAML
$ rhoas kafka create -o yaml

....

=== Options

....
  -o, --output string     Format in which to display the Kafka instance. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --provider string   Cloud Provider ID
      --region string     Cloud Provider Region ID
      --use               Set the new Kafka instance to the current instance (default true)
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka]	 - Create, view, use, and manage your Apache Kafka instances
