docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_update.adoc, before:

== rhoas kafka topic update

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Update a Kafka topic

=== Synopsis

Update a topic in the current Apache Kafka instance.


....
rhoas kafka topic update [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# update the message retention period for a topic
$ rhoas kafka topic update topic-1 --retention-ms -1

....

=== Options

....
  -o, --output string            Format in which to display the Kafka topic. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --retention-bytes string   The maximum total size of a partition log segments before old log segments are deleted to free up space
      --retention-ms string      The period of time in milliseconds the broker will retain a partition log before deleting it
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka_topic{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics

Commit message:

feat(kafka topic update): add cleanup policy flag

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka_topic_update.adoc, after:

== rhoas kafka topic update

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:relfilesuffix: .adoc]

Update a Kafka topic

=== Synopsis

Update a topic in the current Apache Kafka instance.


....
rhoas kafka topic update [flags]
....

=== Examples

....
# update the message retention period for a topic
$ rhoas kafka topic update topic-1 --retention-ms -1

....

=== Options

....
      --cleanup-policy string    Determines whether log messages are deleted, compacted, or both
  -o, --output string            Format in which to display the Kafka topic. Choose from: "json", "yml", "yaml" (default "json")
      --retention-bytes string   The maximum total size of a partition log segments before old log segments are deleted to free up space
      --retention-ms string      The period of time in milliseconds the broker will retain a partition log before deleting it
....

=== Options inherited from parent commands

....
  -d, --debug   Enable debug mode
  -h, --help    Show help for a command
....

=== SEE ALSO

* link:rhoas_kafka_topic{relfilesuffix}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
