docs/commands/rhoas_kafka.adoc, before:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}']
= rhoas kafka

[role="_abstract"]
Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances

[discrete]
== Synopsis

A collection of commands for managing and interacting with Kafka instances.

[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create an Kafka instance
rhoas kafka create my-kafka-instance

## View configuration details of an Kafka instance
rhoas kafka describe

## List all Kafka instances
rhoas kafka list

## Create an Kafka Topic
rhoas kafka topic create mytopic 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas.adoc#rhoas[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas_{context}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_consumer-group.adoc#rhoas-kafka-consumer-group[rhoas kafka consumer-group]	 - Describe, list, and delete consumer groups for the current Kafka instance.
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-consumer-group_{context}[rhoas kafka consumer-group]	 - Describe, list, and delete consumer groups for the current Kafka instance.
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_create.adoc#rhoas-kafka-create[rhoas kafka create]	 - Create an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-create_{context}[rhoas kafka create]	 - Create an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_delete.adoc#rhoas-kafka-delete[rhoas kafka delete]	 - Delete an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-delete_{context}[rhoas kafka delete]	 - Delete an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_describe.adoc#rhoas-kafka-describe[rhoas kafka describe]	 - View configuration details of an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-describe_{context}[rhoas kafka describe]	 - View configuration details of an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_list.adoc#rhoas-kafka-list[rhoas kafka list]	 - List all Apache Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-list_{context}[rhoas kafka list]	 - List all Apache Kafka instances
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic_{context}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_use.adoc#rhoas-kafka-use[rhoas kafka use]	 - Set the current Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-use_{context}[rhoas kafka use]	 - Set the current Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to clarify instance and management commands (#925)
Co-authored-by: Ben Hardesty <bhardest@redhat.com>

docs/commands/rhoas_kafka.adoc, after:

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:context: cmd]
[id='ref-rhoas-kafka_{context}']
= rhoas kafka

[role="_abstract"]
Create, view, use, and manage your Kafka instances

[discrete]
== Synopsis

Commands for managing and interacting with Kafka instances.

Commands are divided into the following categories:
 - instance management commands: create, list, and so on
 - commands executed on the selected instance: topic, consumer-group
 - "use" command that selects the current instance


[discrete]
== Examples

....
## Create an Kafka instance
rhoas kafka create my-kafka-instance

## View configuration details of an Kafka instance
rhoas kafka describe

## List all Kafka instances
rhoas kafka list

## Create an Kafka Topic
rhoas kafka topic create mytopic 

....

[discrete]
== Options inherited from parent commands

  `-h`, `--help`::      Show help for a command
  `-v`, `--verbose`::   Enable verbose mode
      `--version`::     Show rhoas version

[discrete]
== See also


ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas.adoc#rhoas[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas_{context}[rhoas]	 - RHOAS CLI
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_consumer-group.adoc#rhoas-kafka-consumer-group[rhoas kafka consumer-group]	 - Describe, list, and delete consumer groups for the current Kafka instance.
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-consumer-group_{context}[rhoas kafka consumer-group]	 - Describe, list, and delete consumer groups for the current Kafka instance.
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_create.adoc#rhoas-kafka-create[rhoas kafka create]	 - Create an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-create_{context}[rhoas kafka create]	 - Create an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_delete.adoc#rhoas-kafka-delete[rhoas kafka delete]	 - Delete an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-delete_{context}[rhoas kafka delete]	 - Delete an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_describe.adoc#rhoas-kafka-describe[rhoas kafka describe]	 - View configuration details of an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-describe_{context}[rhoas kafka describe]	 - View configuration details of an Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_list.adoc#rhoas-kafka-list[rhoas kafka list]	 - List all Apache Kafka instances
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-list_{context}[rhoas kafka list]	 - List all Apache Kafka instances
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_topic.adoc#rhoas-kafka-topic[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-topic_{context}[rhoas kafka topic]	 - Create, describe, update, list and delete topics
endif::[]

ifdef::env-github,env-browser[]
* link:rhoas_kafka_use.adoc#rhoas-kafka-use[rhoas kafka use]	 - Set the current Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
ifdef::pantheonenv[]
* link:{path}#ref-rhoas-kafka-use_{context}[rhoas kafka use]	 - Set the current Apache Kafka instance
endif::[]
