docs/commands/rhoas_connector_type.md, before:

## rhoas connector type

List and get details of different connector types

### Synopsis

List, search and get details of connector types that are available to use in the connector catalog.

Use list to list available connector types.

Use describe to get more details about a specific connector type.


### Examples

```
# List all connector types
rhoas connector type list

# List all connector types that start with 'Amazon'
rhoas connector type list --search=Amazon%

# Get more details of connector type with a type id of IEJF87hg2342hsdHFG
rhoas connector type describe --id=IEJF87hg2342hsdHFG

```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas connector](rhoas_connector.md)	 - Connectors instance commands
* [rhoas connector type describe](rhoas_connector_type_describe.md)	 - Get details of a connector type
* [rhoas connector type list](rhoas_connector_type_list.md)	 - List connector types

Commit message:

jc-1073-4 edits for connectors cli help text

docs/commands/rhoas_connector_type.md, after:

## rhoas connector type

List and get details of the different connector types

### Synopsis

List and get details of connector types that are available in the connector catalog. 

To see a list of all available connector types, use the "type list" command.
You can optionally use the "--search" flag to filter the requested results by Connector types that start with or contain text that you specify. 

To see a description of a specific connector type, use the "type details" command.


### Examples

```
# List all connector types
rhoas connector type list

# List all connector types that start with "Amazon"
rhoas connector type list --search=Amazon%

# Get all of the details for the connector type by specifying the type ID
rhoas connector type describe --type=aws_kinesis_sink_0.1

```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -h, --help      Show help for a command
  -v, --verbose   Enable verbose mode
```

### SEE ALSO

* [rhoas connector](rhoas_connector.md)	 - Connectors commands
* [rhoas connector type describe](rhoas_connector_type_describe.md)	 - Get details of a connector type
* [rhoas connector type list](rhoas_connector_type_list.md)	 - List connector types
