docs/guides/getting-started.adoc, before:

=== Installing the CLI

NOTE: In the following guides replace `VERSION` with the release version of the CLI.

==== Linux

1. Download the binary for your CPU architecture from link:https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/cli/releases[Releases].

2. Extract the CLI binary into a directory on your `PATH`:
+
[source,shell]
----
tar xfv rhoas_${VERSION}_linux_amd64.tar.gz
sudo cp rhoas_${VERSION}_linux_amd64/bin/rhoas /usr/local/bin
----
+
TIP: Run `echo $PATH` to see the directories on your path.

3. The CLI is now installed! To verify this, run a command:
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas --version
rhoas version ${VERSION}
----

==== macOS

1. Download the binary for your CPU architecture from link:https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/cli/releases[Releases].

2. Extract the CLI binary into a directory on your `PATH`:
+
[source,shell]
----
tar xzf rhoas_${VERSION}_macOS_amd64.tar.gz
sudo cp rhoas_${VERSION}_macOS_amd64/bin/rhoas /usr/local/bin
----
+
TIP: Run `echo $PATH` to see the directories on your path.

3. The CLI is now installed and ready to use. To verify this, run a command:
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas --version
rhoas version ${VERSION}
----

==== Fedora/RHEL/CentOS

1. Download the latest `.rpm` for your CPU architecture from link:https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/cli/releases[Releases].
2. Install the RPM package:
+
[source,shell]
----
sudo rpm -i rhoas_${VERSION}_linux_amd64.rpm
----
+
3. The CLI is now installed and ready to use. To verify this, run a command:
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas --version
rhoas version ${VERSION}
----

==== Next steps

link:configuring-the-cli.adoc[Configuring the CLI]

Commit message:

docs(getting-started): update how to install the CLI (#363)

docs/guides/getting-started.adoc, after:

=== Installing the CLI

NOTE: In the following guides replace `VERSION` with the release version of the CLI.

==== Linux/macOS

1. Extract the CLI binary into a directory on your `PATH`:
+
[source,shell]
----
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bf3fc6c/cli/main/scripts/install.sh
----
+
TIP: Run `echo $PATH` to see the directories on your path.
+
This will install to `$HOME/bin` by default. You can override this by passing a custom path:
+
[source,shell]
----
curl -o- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bf3fc6c/cli/main/scripts/install.sh -s "/your/custom/path"
----

2. The CLI is now installed! To verify this, run a command:
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas --version
rhoas version ${VERSION}
----

==== Fedora/RHEL/CentOS

1. Download the latest `.rpm` for your CPU architecture from link:https://github.com/bf2fc6cc711aee1a0c2a/cli/releases[Releases].
2. Install the RPM package:
+
[source,shell]
----
sudo rpm -i rhoas_${VERSION}_linux_amd64.rpm
----
+
3. The CLI is now installed and ready to use. To verify this, run a command:
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas --version
rhoas version <latest-version>
----

==== Next steps

link:configuring-the-cli.adoc[Configuring the CLI]
